Bugfix/jinja2 change delimiters (#36)
cookieninja-generator/cookieninja: docs/advanced/jinja2_custom_delimiter.rst

.. _jinja2-custom-delimiter:

Jinja2 custom delimiter
-----------------------

> You can specify an ``_jinja2_env_vars`` in ``cookiecutter.json`` file for change the default jinja2 delimiter ``{{``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a dictionary under the ``_jinja2_env_vars`` key in the ``cookiecutter.json`` file to modify the default jinja2 delimiter (``{{``).
```

Author: Fixed

> This is very useful when you templates contains files like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is very useful for templates which contain files that have expressions with that use the default delimiters ``{{ ... }}``  such as:
```

Author: Fixed

> 1. Helm Chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Helm Charts
```

Author: Fixed

Jinja2 custom delimiter
-----------------------

You can specify a dictionary under the ``_jinja2_env_vars`` key in the ``cookiecutter.json`` file to modify the default jinja2 delimiter (``{{``).

> This is very useful for templates which contain files that have expressions with that use the default delimiters ``{{ ... }}``  such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is very useful for templates which contain files that have expressions that use the default delimiters ``{{ ... }}``  such as:
```
